Fix README according to Alex@datadog's advice. (#761)
DataDog/integrations-extras: appkeeper/README.md

When Datadog finds the alerts, it restarts the Service via AppKeeper Recovery API.

![snapshot][1]

![snapshot][2]

## Setup

### Step 1. Get the SIOS AppKeeper API Key

Get the SIOS AppKeeper API Key from AppKeeper GUI.

> 1. Click  the Account Information, and open the modal dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Account Information**, and open the modal dialog
```

> 2. Click Get Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Get Token**
```

> 3. Copy the Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy the token
```

![snapshot][3]

### Step 2. Define the Webhook in the Datadog Integration Dashboard

> 1. Click the Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the integration
```

> 2. Click the Webhooks (*If you did not installed the Webhook, please install the Webhook.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the webhooks (*If you did not installed the webhook, please install the webhook.)
```

![snapshot][4]

> ### Step 3. Define the PAYLOAD and CUSTOM HEADERS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3. Define the payload and custom headers
```

1. Enter the **URL**: "https://api.appkeeper.sios.com/v2/integration/{AWS_account_ID}/actions/recover"
2. Enter the Instance ID and name of Services for the monitoring instance in the **Payload**
3. Register the AppKeeper API token in the **Custom Headers** "**appkeeper-integration-token**"

![snapshot][5]

### Step 4. Integrate with Datadog monitoring

As an example, create a new synthetic test and set up the integration with AppKeeper.

> 1. UX Monitoring – Select Synthetic Test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to UX Monitoring. Select **Synthetic Test**.
```

> 2. Click the New Test for creating the Synthetics as new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **New Test** to create a new Synthetic test
```

![snapshot][6]

> 3. Setting the fields of monitoring. It set for the Web page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the monitoring fields.
```

![snapshot][7]

> 4. Add the Webhook that set in Step 2 and Step 3 in the Notification setting(Notify your team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add the webhook that set in Step 2 and Step 3 in the Notification settings (Notify your team).
```

![snapshot][8]

> 5. Datadog has the function to suppress notifications when an alert is raised repeatedly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Datadog has the functionality to suppress notifications when an alert is raised repeatedly.
```

> If you set it, AppKeeper's recovery API will not be called by Webhook. Please don't set it to inhibit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set it, AppKeeper's recovery API will not be called by the webhook. **Do not set it to inhibit.**
```
